Update README (#560)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: README.md

- Pipeline steps can be named as you like
- Run any command in the commands section

[Read More](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/usage/intro)

### Build steps are containers

- Define any Docker image as context
- Install the needed tools in custom Docker images, use them as context

[Read More](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/usage/pipeline-syntax#steps)

### Plugins

Woodpecker has official plugins https://woodpecker-ci.org/plugins,

> but you can also use own one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you can also use your own.
```

Reviewer: Also, should `official plugins` just be a markdown link to https://woodpecker-ci.org/plugins ?

> [Read More](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/usage/plugins/plugins)

Reviewer 2: I will try to improve that text a bit

```md
# Woodpecker

TODO

[Learn More](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/usage/intro)
```

Author: @anbraten do you have suggestions?

## Documentation

https://woodpecker-ci.org/

## Who uses Woodpecker?

> [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org), We ourselve and a lot more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Codeberg](https://codeberg.org), the woodpecker project itself, and many others not listed.
```
